This is the introdutory file for NOT_YET_DEFINED.

The game is mainly a MMO-TBS(Massive Multiplayer Online Turn Based Strategy) game influenced a lot by the new set of casual games for mobile such as "word with friends" and "draw it". On a standart TBS game like Advanced Wars, a game is bound to a session within a map. During the game session, each player has a limited time to complete their turn. Once the game is over the results are shown and the user can play again. But with these new online games, a session is played between two players on an online simulation, but due to the online nature of the game, each turn does not have any restriction on time. Once the simulation is completed, then each player gets their results and go back to a "lobby" and most probably invited to play again. For this game, each player will own a region within a big tile-based world. From their location each user can fight to conquer adjacent tiles. To conquer each tile, the user enters into combat, this combat mode would be equivalent to a game session of Advanced Wars. During each game session, each  user DOES have a time limit for taking an action, but this is going to be on the range of hours. The game will then have two main workflows, one is going to be the battle mode/game session and the other is going to be the meta-game. 


Meta-game workflow

The game will be run within a server that can host up to 2000 players. A player will register to have an account on the server then will be given a 'home' tile on the map. The 
surrounding tiles might be neutral or enemy. One can fight for other peoples tiles but never for their 'home' tile. There is also the possibility of a player to practice their 
strategies on battle scenarios. All the players on the map can interact with each other and define alliances and treaties. As the player gets experience, they will be awarded research
points that can be used to unlock new units and technologies to be used on game sessions. These points are awarded once a session ends but a portion is taken based on the number or tiles 
owned by the player. A new player will get 100% of their research points, while someone that owns 50% of the map will only recieve a limited amount (possibly 10%). 

The game also contains some resources. As the number of tiles each player owns, the player also has to make sure each tile is happy. The resources have not been defined yet, but their 
purpose is to keep any player to control big parts of the map. As each players domain keeps growing, it becomes harder and harder to send resources to be 'home' tile as well as 
distribute resources from 'home' tile. The tiles that are furthest away from their 'home' tile will have their level of allegiance decreased with time, thus making huge empires really 
hard to manage. It is important to notice that my personal opinion is that making friends should always be preferable to making foes.


